docs: add documentation about resource placement (#3534)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/1.4/projects/index.md

# Projects overview

> Federation, in this context, means that a central location (Kommander) hosts and pushes common configurations to all Kubernetes clusters, or a pre-defined subset group under Kommander management. That pre-defined subset group of Kubernetes clusters is called a **Project**.

Reviewer: I don't need a project to federate stuff using the default workspace.

Author: I'm not sure I understand your suggestion here. Would you mind providing a more accurate wording, please?

Author: Plus, this PR doesn't specifically change the wording around the issue you are (supposedly) addressing. Maybe a subsequent PR should be issued?

Reviewer: I was sharing a detail, I think this statement was omitting. I am not sure if the intention of this Pr is to address all these possible details.

Author: No, as the title suggests this PR is mainly about adding details on kubefed placement selectors to the documentation.

Author: I'd be happy to see this page further improved, though, @hectorj2f.

Reviewer: Sure, continue improving it 👍🏻

**Projects** provide central IT and business units the following benefits:

- Deploying consistent configurations and services to clusters. 
- Sharing Kubernetes clusters among several teams. 
- Coordinating access to Kubernetes Cluster Federation (KubeFed) from Kommander for multiple clusters.

Kommander allows you to manually or dynamically (using labels) select the Kubernetes clusters associated with a project.
**Projects** support configmaps management, continuous deployments, secrets, services, quotas, and role-based access control by leveraging federated resources.

## Projects namespace

A Project namespace is a Kommander specific concept that groups all the individual standard Kubernetes namespaces and creates a Project Namespace. Project Namespaces isolate configurations across clusters. Individual standard Kubernetes namespaces are automatically created on all clusters belonging to the project. When creating a new project, you can customize the Kubernetes namespace name that is created.

## Create a project

Create a Project by specifying:
- A Project Name
- A Namespace Name (optional) 

> - A way for Kommander to determine which Kubernetes clusters are part of this project

Reviewer: Should we be more specific and mention `labels` in the UI and a fragment of a YAML when doing it manually via the CLI ? The usage of `a way` is quite abstract to me. 

Note: I know that `a way` is inherited from the old sentence, just trying to find together a better wording.

Author: This is explained in more detail two paragraphs down.

      matchLabels:
        cluster: prod
```
# Federation to select clusters

> You may want to narrow down the list of clusters receiving resources, such as a service or a quota to a subset of clusters in a particular Project. Use the federated resources `spec.placement` field in this case. The following two examples show how set up either a list of clusters or a list of labels that a particular cluster must match.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may want to limit the list of clusters receiving resources, such as a service or a quota to a subset of clusters in a particular Project. Use the federated resources `spec.placement` field in this case. The following two examples show how set up either a list of clusters or a list of labels that a particular cluster must match.
```

- [Manage Project Quotas](/dkp/kommander/1.4/projects/project-quotas-limit-range)
- [Manage Project Roles](/dkp/kommander/1.4/projects/project-roles)
- [Manage Project Secrets](/dkp/kommander/1.4/projects/project-secrets)

> ## Federation to select clusters

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Federation on selected clusters
```

> Sometimes it is desirable to narrow down the list of clusters receiving a resources such as a service or a quota to a subset of clusters in a particular Project. Use the `spec.placement` field of federated resources in this case. The following two examples show how this is accomplished using either a list of clusters or a list of labels that a particular cluster has to match.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sometimes it is desirable to narrow down the list of clusters receiving a resource such as a service or a quota to a subset of clusters in a particular Project. Use the federated resources' field `spec.placement` in this case. The following two examples show how this is accomplished, using either a list of clusters or a list of labels that a particular cluster has to match.
```

### Providing a list of clusters

The following example demonstrates how the "jenkins" service in the Project namespace "p1-hjmx8" is pinned to a single cluster called "ci": 

```yaml
apiVersion: types.kubefed.io/v1beta2
kind: FederatedAddon
metadata:
  annotations:
    kommander.mesosphere.io/display-name: jenkins
  name: jenkins
  namespace: p1-hjmx8
spec:
  placement:
    clusters:
    - name: ci
  template:
[...]
```

### Providing a list of matching labels

The following example demonstrates how the "jenkins" service in the Project namespace "p1-hjmx8" is pinned to all clusters that have the "ci: true" label:

```yaml
apiVersion: types.kubefed.io/v1beta2
kind: FederatedAddon
metadata:
  annotations:
    kommander.mesosphere.io/display-name: jenkins
  name: jenkins
  namespace: p1-hjmx8
spec:
  placement:
    clusterSelector:
      matchLabels:
        ci: "true"
  template:
[...]
```

The labels provided in the `matchLabels` field are matched against the `KubefedCluster` resource on the Kommander cluster. Run

```sh
kubectl get kubefedclusters -A
```

to find a list of all attached clusters and set the labels on each targeted cluster accordingly.

> More info on the placement of federated resources is found in the [kubefed user documentation](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubefed/blob/master/docs/userguide.md#using-cluster-selector).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
More information on the placement of federated resources is available in the [kubefed user documentation](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubefed/blob/master/docs/userguide.md#using-cluster-selector).
```
